CGHAssemble

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Cai Guanhao (Choi Goon-ho)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



Node

Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.

https://raw.github.com/joyent/node/v0.10.25/LICENSE



npm

Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter All rights
reserved.

npm is released under the Artistic License 2.0.

https://github.com/npm/npm/blob/master/LICENSE



grunt

Copyright (c) 2012 Tyler Kellen, contributors

https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT



Assemble

Copyright (c) 2013 Assemble

https://github.com/assemble/assemble/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT



PyInstaller

Copyright (c) 2010-2013, PyInstaller Development
Team Copyright (c) 2005-2009, Giovanni Bajo Based
on previous work under copyright (c) 2002 McMillan
Enterprises, Inc.


PyInstaller is licensed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

http://www.pyinstaller.org



NSIS

NSIS is free software released under a combination
of free software licenses.

Copyright (C) 1999-2014 Contributors

More detailed copyright information can be found
in the individual source code files.

http://nsis.sourceforge.net/License



Python

http://docs.python.org/license.html
